So let's say we're studying the housing market and
our task is to predict the price of a house given its size.
So we have a small house that costs $70,000,
and a big house that costs $160,000.
We'd like to estimate the price of this medium-sized house over here.
So how do we do it?
Well, first we put them in a grid where the x axis represents the size of
the house in square feet and the y axis represents the price of the house.
And to help us out,
we have collected some previous data in the form of these blue dots.
These are other houses that we've looked at and
we've recorded their prices with respect to their size.
In here we can see the small house is priced at $70,000.
And the big one at $160,000.
Now, it's time for a small quiz.
What do you think is the best estimate for the price of the medium house,
given these data?
Would it be $80,000, $120,000, or $190,000?
Submit your answer below.